it's time to get a new phone and you
said they're saying well i don't know if
i should get the iphone 6 i'm really
looking at the samsung and you're like
well but i got all my stuff on my iphone
so what am I gonna do about the Android
and goes on and on so here's what you
want to do if you're gonna do the
transition going to blow through these
very quickly just give you an idea and
then for more information head over to
the website number one you want to turn
off I message before you get rid of your
iphone because many new android users
have reported not receiving text
messages on their new android phone and
so I message can accidentally stop you
from getting text messages from other i
messaged users so basically just turn it
off before you get rid of your iphone
number 21 transfer your data to your new
phone it's really not that hard android
phone manufacturers of some handy ways
to make it a breeze we got links here
for motorola samsung HTC and sony after
you get your android you may not feel
comfortable with the look and feel so
that's where you get an app called
themer and you can make your android
phone look and feel just like an iphone
number four is learn how to use the
share button it looks like this that
kind of like a V on the side take a
video a photo song anything and share it
with any app on your phone and number
five you want transfer your music from
itunes to Google Play you don't want to
muck around with the iTunes anymore and
that's where you get something called
music manager it's a lot of information
that we just passed along but in case
you're curious on how to do this head
over to Commander calm that's koma and
do calm hey what are you doing today I'm
backing up the computer photos work
files you name it lovely in a few hours
she get everything backed up took care
of it for just fifty nine dollars a year
carbonite bags up your irreplaceable
files automatically so you don't have to
try it for free at carbonite.com